API-12158 Added requester property in configuration webhooks v3.6 (#1306)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/management/changelog/index.mdx

- The "At least one Agent must have the `normal` priority" requirement was removed from the [**Create Group**](/management/configuration-api/v3.6/#create-group) method's  `agent_priorities` parameter.

### Webhooks

> - The [**Configuration**](/management/webhooks/v3.6#configuration) webhooks now contains new property `requester`. It contains details of who triggered webhook: `user_id`, `client_id` and `account_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [**Configuration**](/management/webhooks/v3.6#configuration) webhooks now contain a new `requester` property. The property contains details of who triggered the webhook: `user_id`, `client_id` and `account_id`.
```
